[voice] What is this light?
Every once in a while,
I see it shining.
It's so bright...
but when you reach
out to touch it,
it passes through your fingers.
In other words,
this light must be the
shadow of something else.
Something wonderful is
shining in another place.
Does that mean there's another
world?
Another world and another place
casting its light on us?
[girl] All done.
Let's give it a try.
Here.
Watch. This is how
you make it work.
[giggle]
It's fun, isn't it?
A plaything for two.
Before I was here,
she couldn't have done this
no matter how much
she wanted to.
She was all alone...
All alone in
this sad world...
What did she think about?
What did she do?
Did she dream of times like
these? With someone like me?
It would be nice if
we could shed tears,
don't you think?
[shiver]
Even in a world like this...
winter still comes.
Where does this sky lead?
What lies beyond it?
Is it connected
to another world?
And if it is,
is it the world I once knew?
The world full of life...
full of shining light?
[both gasp]
Misae's cat sure does like you.
Actually, I think it's upset.
[Youhei screams]
[Misae yells]
-Let me go!
-Wow, Kitty,
has Misae been practicing
her wrestling moves lately?
Don't even think
about doing that again!
I-I promise.
Scout's honor...
[sighs] Oh, hello!
I didn't notice
you two standing there.
I'm so sorry about that!
It's fine.
We were enjoying the show!
[Youhei]
Ow! Ow! Ow!
Why can't you be more gentle?
Such a big fuss over such
a little pounding...
Um...I feel like we might
have come at a bad time,
but we brought some dinner
for Sunohara.
Mom thought you might be
lonely with Mei gone
and wanted to make sure you
weren't just eating katsudon.
For real?! Thank you!
Mei or no Mei,
I don't think Sunohara
could ever feel lonely
in a place like this.
No kidding. It's a little
too exciting sometimes.
Stick around for a bit,
and I'll make you guys some tea.
It's a "thank you" for
protecting the cat.
Protecting the cat?
That idiot tried
to run off with the cat
and sell it behind my back.
It's just a stray,
so I thought if I went
to a pet shop,
they might give me
some cash for it.
That's not how
pet shops work.
You know,
I always forget to ask,
but what's the kitty's name?
Oh, no name.
No name? How cute!
Aw! You're so sweet,
aren't you Little Miss Nono?
No, I mean "no name" because I
haven't given it a name yet.
And by the way, it's a boy,
not a girl.
Mister Kitty
doesn't have a name.
Huh? But he's
your pet, right?
He's here whenever we stop by.
Well, to be honest, I wasn't
planning on keeping him.
He just started hanging around,
so I felt sort of obligated
to take care of him.
I wouldn't say I'm his owner
or anything...
[Youhei] Oh yeah?
Then why can't I sell him?
Don't tell me you
were gonna stew him up!
No, but I might stew you.
Joke! It was a joke!
[sigh]
I can't help but notice that he
seems strangely attached to you.
I wonder why.
Do your clothes smell of
catnip or something?
No, not to my knowledge.
-[knock on door]
-Hm?
Come in.
-[Tomoyo] Hello.
-[Youhei yelps]
I didn't know all
of you were here.
[Tomoya] Tomoyo!
That's a surprise.
What are you doing here?
I don't think it's anything
to be surprised about.
Sakagami stops by to
chat with me all the time.
I thought Misae
could teach me how to be
a better student
council president.
But this is good.
Okazaki, Sunohara,
I wanted to talk to you
about something, too.
Huh?
[Tomoya] No one was late
or absent for a whole week?
[Tomoyo] You haven't heard?
I thought everyone knew!
Misae isn't just
famous for being
our first female student
council president...
she also put together
the legendary school-wide
"Perfect Attendance Week."
That really brings
back some memories.
[Tomoyo] I want to know how you
were able to unite
the whole school like that.
I'd like to give it
a shot myself,
but I'm not sure
where to start...
It's not easy,
I'll tell you that much.
I mean, for one,
you might have trouble
with a few "problem students."
-Who could she be talking about?
-I don't know.
I know he has a bad rep,
but Tomoya gets up
early every morning
and goes to school with me!
In that case, Sunohara
should be the only problem.
Maybe I should come over
again to wake you up?
No, ma'am, I can
get up on my own.
How did you do it, Misae?
Any tips?
Not really. I didn't
do anything special.
I just mentioned it at
the morning assembly.
It was something like,
"Hey, guys, let's try not to
be late or absent next week."
Everyone thought
it was a fun idea,
so they all went
along with it.
And that's all it took?
Yeah. If anything, it probably
worked as well as it did
because I didn't get too
excited about it.
What do you mean,
"too excited"?
With anything,
if you push too hard,
then people will
start pushing back.
Be into it,
but be laid back about it.
That makes sense. Maybe I
should change my approach...
[knock on door]
We sure have had a lot
of guests today, don't we?
Come in!
Good evening!
[gasp]
Oh, don't worry
about them,
they're just some
friends of mine.
Did you need something?
Um... It's about the
you-know-what...
Oh. Yeah, that...
Here. Look.
An Autumn Festival at a shrine.
And it's tomorrow?
It's a tradition where all
the locals get together
and pray for peace
and happiness.
Might be nice for a first date,
don't you think?
[rugby player] Oh, I-I get it!
I gotta hand it to you, Misae,
you're a real lifesaver!
He's asking her
about good date spots.
Cut it out. Eavesdropping
is totally creepy!
[Nagisa] She's right!
You have to respect his privacy!
[Youhei]
Come on, it's fine!
Thank you very much!
No prob. Any time.
[annoyed grunt]
Someone looks guilty to me...
Sunohara was listening in
on your dating advice
and being a creep about it.
Shh!
[Misae yells]
Divine... punishment!
[grunt]
[Nagisa] It looks like a lot
of students depend on you,
just like when you
were in high school.
[Tomoyo] I think it's great.
I wish I could be
more like that.
I don't know why,
but for some reason
people have always
come to me for advice.
[chuckle] What can I say?
It just means you're
popular, that's all.
Seems like everyone
in my class loves you too.
You have a lot of fans!
Well, I'm glad people still
like me at least.
Though I'm not quite
sure what they see
in a woman who scolds
people all the time.
[Tomoya] It's not like that...
I mean, it's not
that you scold them,
it's that you worry about them.
They know you only
do it because you care.
The rugby guys are
always talking about
how nice you smell, too.
Like bodywash, or whatever.
I know that sounds like kind
of a weird compliment...
but the thing is,
in a dorm full of filthy guys,
you're like a princess...
Like a diamond in
a dunghill, I guess.
I'm always
scolding people...
but I'm always worrying
about them...
and I smell nice...
I say something wrong?
Oh. Oh no, I'm fine.
Someone told me the same thing
a long time ago, that's all.
I was just thinking
about that.
[Tomoyo] Thanks for everything.
Sorry for taking up your time.
It's no problem.
Come by any time you like.
See you later.
Sunohara... be a good boy
and go back to your room.
But why? I've still got
another hour or two
before it's lights out.
I have to talk to Furukawa,
that's why.
You're not needed here.
I get it, but did you
have to be so blunt?
[Tomoya] You want me
to go to this?
That's right.
Sunohara told me everything.
That is to say, he told me
that you hardly ever
take Furukawa out on a date.
Hey, that's between
me and Nagisa!
You say that,
but don't blame me
if some other guy snatches
her away from you.
Something like that
would never happen!
Tomoya's the only guy
who can snatch me up!
[gasps]
[awkward sighs]
There. Did you hear that?
It takes a special kind
of girl to say that
about a guy like you.
Whatever! Do we have
to talk about this now?!
Seeing you reminds me of my
life back in high school.
Of course, that's all like
ancient history now.
-Huh?
-Don't say something like that,
Misae, you're still young!
That's sweet of you...
but it's fine.
I know I'm not a kid anymore.
I had my time
back in high school,
but now that I'm an adult,
it's my job to look
after kids like you.
[gasps]
Well, anyway...
why don't you two stick around
and chat for a bit longer?
I'll go make some tea.
[Nagisa] Oh, I have a question!
What was our school like
back when you were the
student council president?
It wasn't anything special.
Just a normal school.
[Nagisa] I bet you had
a whole bunch of friends, huh?
I had my fair share.
We had so much fun back then.
Of course, we had
our troubles, too,
but that's what
made life so exciting.
Then again, I suppose things
are still pretty exciting now.
[boy's voice]
Listen carefully, okay?
You have to remember this.
There's a charm...
and in it is a shining light.
This light will grant
a single wish.
You have to take
that light to her.
You have to grant
her wish, you understand?
Good luck.
[determined grunt]
Oh, are you going
home now, Igarashi?
Uh-huh. What about you?
Yeah! what a coincidence!
Um, if you'd like we could...
-Hey, who's that?
-Huh?
Looks like he's from a
different school than us.
[Igarashi]
Sorry, is he your boyfriend?
Well, I don't want to bother
you two. I'll see you tomorrow.
Huh? Ah... Wait!
Hey, uh...
You're Misae Sagara, right?
Yeah, who are you?
I'm Katsuki Shima.
I guess you don't remember me.
[Shima]
Hey, wait up!
Why would I do that?
I've never even seen you before,
and what's this nonsense about
"paying me back" all about!
Even if you don't remember me,
I remember you!
Good for you, but that still
doesn't do anything for me!
On top of that,
if you hadn't shown up...
I'd be walking home
with Igarashi right now!
[Shima screams]
I've had enough!
I'm going home!
W-wait a sec!
Just tell me your wish!
Wish? What do you mean?
I came here to grant you a wish.
Any wish you can think of!
Please, I can't leave
until you tell me!
Okay then, I wish that you'd
get out of my sight!
No good?
If that's really
your only wish,
then I'll go away
and leave you alone.
But I came here because
I wanted to do you a favor.
It's the least I could do after
all you've done for me...
[sigh]
[Shima] We met back
when I was in grade school.
Your mom was in
the hospital and so was I.
You were coming to
visit her that day.
At the time, I was out
in the courtyard.
We started to talk
and you really cheered me up.
Guess you really don't
remember, huh?
I was in a wheelchair
and I had a cat with me.
-No, I remember now.
-Really?
Yeah, but I didn't
do anything special.
I just sat and talked
to you for a little bit.
But it meant a lot to me!
You might not feel like
you said anything big,
but you gave me
a lot of courage!
Okay, but what
did I say, again?
Uh, let's see...
I don't remember.
But it sure did make my day,
whatever it was!
That's why I gotta pay
you back, no matter what!
All right,
then buy me a soda, okay?
Huh?
That'll be enough.
I didn't do all
that much for you,
so you don't have to do that
much for me in return, okay?
I don't think you understand
what I'm saying.
I can grant
you any wish, anything at all!
I know it's hard to believe,
but I have something with the
power to do that.
You don't have to hold back
or be polite or anything!
Just tell me
what you really want!
You're not making sense.
What, do you have some
kind of magic lamp?
It's not a lamp, but he said it
has the power to grant wishes.
Who said?
Um...
[sigh]
-Don't know.
-Uh!
You're a weird little boy,
you know that?
You think so?
And quite the romantic, too.
No offense, kid,
but I'm not the type to
believe in that sort of thing.
H-hold on!
Listen, I appreciate you coming
all the way here to thank me.
I'm glad you're all better
and I'm glad I could help.
Take care, okay? Bye.
Good morning.
He a friend of yours, Misae?
Wow, he's cute.
I'd ditch Igarashi and go
for this one instead.
You...
You just can't take "no"
for an answer, can you?
I-it hurts! I can't breathe!
That's great, what are Saki
and Yuki supposed to think?
Now there's gonna be
all kinds of rumors!
Rumors? About what?
There's some boy
waiting for me at my school
first thing in the morning.
What do you think
they'd be about?!
Oh, I see.
You're in love
with that guy Igarashi
and you don't want me
to ruin it.
Ugh! You don't beat around
the bush, do you?
You're pretty cute, Misae, I
think it'll work out just fine.
I know! Let's go ask him out!
I'll go with you.
It'll be fun!
-What's wrong with you?!
-Huh?
I can ask him out on my own!
Why would I want your help?!
Ow!
Listen, you twerp,
you said you came here
to grant me a wish, right?
So why do you keep
getting in my way?!
Then your wish is for Igarashi
to fall in love with you?
Is that what you want?
-No, that's not good.
-Why not?
Because it's not right to play
with other people's hearts.
Welcome back.
You could've said
"hello" first.
Can't you take a hint? Go home!
Wow, Misae. You've got quite
the little stalker
following you around.
Your name's Shima, right?
Listen, Misae's already
in love with someone else.
If Igarashi saw you two
together, he might, uh...
-[Igarashi] What about me?
-[gasps]
Oh, Sagara's boyfriend is here.
I never got a proper
introduction.
No, no, no! That's not it!
You got it all wrong!
I wonder if he
understood or not...
It's nothing to worry about.
Given the right chance,
I'm sure Igarashi will like you
just as much as you like him.
You know, I don't
really get you at all.
What do you mean?
It's like you're helping me
get together with another boy.
You don't feel jealous
or left behind or anything?
Oh...
No, I... I'm not interested
in that sort of thing.
That's one thing about you
I don't mind, at least.
[slight gasp]
Even if you're a pest,
you're so innocent and sweet.
Are you trying to
catch cold or what?
-[screaming]
-Give me a break!
It's raining cats and dogs and
you left your umbrella at home?!
I didn't know! It wasn't
raining like this earlier!
[sigh]
Look at me, wasting my time
taking care of some brat...
I'm sorry...
If you're going to apologize,
then don't make me do this
in the first place!
Here, I borrowed a track suit.
Change clothes.
You're hopeless, you know that?
Besides, I thought
you had the power
to grant any wish you wanted.
Why didn't you just
stop the rain?
I couldn't do that!
I only get one wish,
so if I wasted it on the rain,
then I wouldn't be able
to pay you back!
I still don't understand why you
feel like you owe me so much.
You don't even remember
what I said to you back then.
What you said to me
wasn't the important part.
The fact that you said
anything was more than enough.
Your optimism started
to wear off on me.
Well, I admit,
I get that a lot.
After I met you,
I felt like I could do anything
if I put my heart into it.
And that's why I have to return
the favor, no matter what.
[schoolbell rings]
I have class. I gotta go.
Try to sneak out quietly, okay?
Mm-hmm.
[Igarashi]
Hey, it's Sagara's boyfriend.
Hm?
Waiting for her to
get out, as usual?
Um, you got it all wrong;
I'm not her boyfriend.
You're just a friend?
Yeah. Uh, the thing is,
Sagara's already in love
with someone else...
[sigh]
I'm sorry, but I need
to ask a favor of you.
Huh?
[Misae] Hey there.
What's with the long face?
Wait, don't tell me you
really did catch a cold...
[grunt]
Then why do you look so upset?
Something happen?
[Igarashi] I know how
Sagara feels about me.
But as you can see, I already
have a girlfriend.
Is there some way
you could, maybe,
break the news to her gently?
You didn't do anything wrong.
You don't have to be
so nice to everyone.
That's just how I am.
I can't help it.
You can do it, right?
I don't want to
hurt her feelings...
[Misae] Come on, what happened?
Don't be shy, you can tell me!
Did you fall in love
with someone, maybe?
Maybe.
[gasp] For real?
I was just asking you
as a joke...
But if that's the case,
then why are you so upset?
I'm upset because
I have to give that person
I might be in love with
some really sad news.
What do you mean by that?
That person is...
she's already in love with
another boy.
But the... the boy
that she's in love with...
already has a girlfriend.
And that boy asked me
to pass the news to her.
That sounds pretty
complicated to me.
But it could be
your big chance, right?
Huh?
Sure, on the downside, the
girl's heart will probably
be broken when you tell
her the news...
but if you make her feel better,
she might fall in love with you.
Come on, Shima, turn around.
Don't be so upset.
Think positive, okay?
This could be the perfect
opportunity for you to-
There's no way I could
do something like that!
Ah.
[sobbing]
If you were in my shoes,
is that what you'd think?
It's a chance for you?
It's a good thing?
Even though you
care for them...
Even though they just had
their heart broken...
Would you do that to them?
No, I... I'm sorry.
I was just trying to be
positive, that's all.
It sounded like the kind of
thing my friends would say to me
if I was upset.
[gasp]
Huh?
Shima, were you
talking about...
I see... I was such a fool.
I don't get it.
Why are you crying?
I don't know...
[Shima] He was someone
very special to me.
Someone I spent a
long time with.
I can see his face...
I remember his words...
But he's gone now.
He entrusted me
with his final wish.
The reason I came here
was to grant him that wish.
And now that I've seen the
world through his eyes...
I understand why
it was so important.